[Music]
this is absolutely stunning check this
out guys I can actually see myself in a
swivel screen because I am using the
Panasonic gh4 this is my first time to
ever use this camera so many people have
been talking about it but I'm just like
I'm Sony like I don't care
typically I use a sony a7s 2 and arx100
mark 5 now my RX 100 is still my go-to
for vlogging I carry that thing
everywhere but when it comes to bigger
cameras and being able to alternate
lenses there are a lot of options out
there and I still love my a7 s but I'm
just like you want this gh 5 it can
shoot super slow-mo and it has this the
swivel screen screen so I'm excited to
give you my thoughts on the Panasonic
gh4 and if you're new around here hi
welcome my name is Sarah deechi Rhimes
the Peachy I live in New York City but I
am here in California for about a month
because it's too cold in New York John
is here say hi how are you guys doing
it's good to see your faces you're
smiling beautiful faces Jon do you think
you could skateboard for this camera
eventually yeah
at some point in your life you want to
see the trickeries I got you
[Music]
so I actually been using two of these
cameras to record my podcast the
creative exchange if you guys haven't
checked that out yet I will link in the
description below and also up here the
first guest was Gary Vaynerchuk
I have a crazy affinity for artistic
people I love business and I love
getting artists practical so that they
are not at the mercy of the Machine I
just think you can make forty one
thousand dollars a year
or ninety one thousand forget about
millions it should be everywhere where
podcasts are but also has a YouTube
channel so thank you thank you for the
support there's going to be a brand new
one tomorrow and I'm actually
documenting the entire behind Assis
process of the podcast so I will be
sharing that with you very soon right
now I wonder he has a jh5 good for
filming myself when I want that step
above the rx100 maybe
[Music]
one of the first things I notice about
this camera is I actually like the
shooting profile so I shoot on the
d or one of the cine profiles and the
moment I dropped on my color my color
grading onto the adjustment layer it
just worked right now it's no color
grading right now color look at all that
color color color oh my god
and this is the standard color profile
so this is the wild Lobo more color
naturally how's it look it looks very
natural
Oh
[Music]
guys like this your friends introduce
yourself who are you
John Hill subscribe please down below
link in description table description
below
Derek submit from simonetti nutrition
best nutrition and calisthenics channel
out there and what is your name I'm
crystal yes they're like the kitty cat
flowers bird elephant - yeah I have a I
have a thing with animals I love it
thankfully they're delicious
I'm the only one in this room who
actually isn't a vegan this is the one
time all the world's changing of it so
here at Courthouse pledges in Santa
Monica there's a lot of skaters at Naboo
but Derek who he's been hanging out with
do
is the nutritionist he actually skates
as well so I think it's gonna be fun to
see him enjoying it skating around it's
beautiful day
I mean it's California so one of the
things that gets me very excited about
this camera is these four okay so
yesterday I was actually shooting some
4k of a beautiful sunset but something I
forgot is you can actually shoot 4k at
60 frames per second with this thing in
order to do this 60 frames per second
and 180 frames per second in Full HD
they're very much so buried in the menu
settings and I definitely want to get
some 4k at 60 frames per second today
but I'll have to do an entire video what
do you already do a trick called a nose
manual nollie flip too man
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
so John got it no question is drawing
out his trip I know I'm he got his
amazing Tracy not at all oh my gosh he
is so
yeah wow you're that old dog can do old
trick so why am I making a video that I
should have made a year and a half ago
about this camera the jh5 because they
actually just released a new one it's
the gh 5s so it's basically a camera
that's not a full-on improvement of the
GH fry but just something to put right
beside it similar to kind of the a7 s
and a7 are line that Sony does and the
jage 5s it is much better at low light
so compare it to the a7 s I actually do
want to try out that camera but to be
honest I was just curious I've been
using the a7s2 for a very very long time
and I'm anxious about the 3 I want the
a7 s3 to come out I'm gonna cop it like
that but there's also a lot of similar
cameras like the jh5 from other
companies that have things that a 7s
doesn't have like a flip screen to be
honest this flip screen it's nice if I
were to speculate about Sony coming out
with an a7 s3 with a flip screen I would
say maybe but probably not
a lot of people's consensus is they're
gonna come out with another middle of
the line a 6500 type camera that does
have a flip screen champion that as the
vlogging camera and then stuff the a7 s3
with a ton of amazing specs slow-mo 4k
stuff hopefully 4k at 60 frames per
second or maybe even more but then still
have the normal screen if they put
everything into one camera one it would
probably be too expensive but - why do
they do that they got to protect their
higher
I'm pretty sure that's the exact reason
my cannon is so reluctant to put 4k into
their DSLR cameras because I want you to
buy their fancy big cameras like the C
one hundred two hundred three hundred
five six they've allowed cameras well
thanks for hanging out with me and
allowing me to geek out over this stuff
because I love it I love cameras I
always want my stuff to be as awesome
looking and fun for me so I like trying
out new things final thoughts on the JH
v the image stabilization and the lens
was actually fantastic I'm using the 12
to 60 lens and zoomed all the way into
60 or technically 120 millimeters the
image stabilization was actually great
there's a clip of me filming in the car
at 60 millimeters and it looked pretty
darn good was it really shaky flip
screen amazing dual SD slots which is
pretty clutch when coming to backing up
your data or just having more storage
you can put into 128 gigabyte cards and
that's just so much footage 4k it looked
super crispy and there's so many options
to record an MOV or mp4 q can shoot at
8-bit 10 bit there's so many options but
overall all the stuff looks great the
menu on this camera is kind of terrible
confusing but once you get your custom
settings locked into like C one two and
three to the different modes that you
typically shoot in whether it's
slow-motion 24 frames per second or 4k
it's pretty easy to switch in between
but again I just the menus in this
camera are clunky I do a ton of Sony
verse Canon comparison video so this was
fun change it up a bit because I see
this as a camera that I would probably
actually use I think Canon still has a
lot of catching up to do yes yeh
colorscience yeh that's about the only
thing they have I guess I still Sony fam
enjoying this camera I hope you guys
enjoyed this I don't know this was first
impressions review thank you so much for
hanging out with me let me know if you
like this video hit that subscribe
button down below if you're new become a
part of the PC fam it's actually been so
to see the hardcore peachy ham and the
discord channel you guys have been
chatting it up if you don't know what
discord is it's basically just a chat
forum thing where you can go and chat
with peachy fab and you can create stuff
together and I'm occasionally on there
chatting with you guys so it's been
super fun if you haven't seen the neon
that creative life episode I posted
recently please check it out this very
very sick neon shop in New York City
made me a giant peach from my office and
I'll see you guys in the next video
tomorrow there's a new podcast so stay
tuned and stay peach okay
[Music]